# Agenda for Week 8

Date:           01/04/2021 \
Main focus:     Sprint 4 \
Chair: Alexandra          \
Note taker: Kristóf

# TODO
- [x] Approve the merge requests today (Sunday)

- Finish the Polls & Quizzes function (Gert)
     - [x] Fix backend and add server communication (Alexandra)
     - [ ] Add client side functionality
     - [ ] Add it to Lecturers and Moderators (they see the votes in real-time)
     - [ ] Add it to Students (they see the answers afterwards if the creator of the poll/quiz allowed it)
     - [ ] Add a way to answer
     - [ ] Add a way to create them
     - [ ] Functionality for publishing
     - [ ] Maybe add the ability to reopen them

- [x] No lecturer name on the main pages (either fix it or delete the label) (Doğa)

- [ ] Fix refresh (OutOfMemory errors)(hopefully, Doğa) (Kristóf will check on this as well but doesn't promise results)

- [ ] Alerts/Error messages for the whole application (especially Join Room page when the code doesn't work) (Doğa)

- [x] Improve export file (Alexandra)

- Room Code Scene
    - [x] Add proper CSS to the room IDs (Kristóf)
    
- Moderator page
    - [x] Answer the questions (Doruk)
    - [x] Mark Questions as answered (Doruk)
    - [x] Have the sortings work (Jun & Alexandra)
    
- Student Main page (Doğa)
    - [x] Question doesn't wrap to text field, it goes to the right, fix it
    
- Lecturer Main Page
    - [x] Do everything a Moderator does (Doruk)
    - [x] Have a simplified view of the questions (Doruk)
    - [x] Have the sortings work (Jun & Alexandra)

- Too fast/too slow (Jun)
    - [x] Have it work on the Lecturer Main Page (actually see it)
    - [x] Add a reset button to the Lecturer screen 
    - Otherwise, there is a counter on the lecturer side. (gets refreshed with the automatic refreshing)
    
- Testing 
    - Server Side
        - Entities (Doğa)
        - Controllers
            - [ ] Question Controller (Kristóf)
            
        - Services
            - [ ] Question Service (Kristóf)
            - [ ] Stu,Lect,Mod, Answer Services (Doğa)
        - Repositories
            - [ ] Question repository (Kristóf)
            - [ ] User Repository (Doğa) ?
    - Client Side
        - [x] Entities (Alexandra)
        - [ ] ServerCommunication
            - [x] Question (Kristóf)
        - [x] UI --> create the document (Alexandra & Doğa)
            - This definitely will take time, should assign maybe like a few people to this
    
# Opening
 Everybody is present.

# Approval of the agenda
*Make sure everything that needs to be discussed is in the agenda or add it if something is missing.*

# Points of action
 - Add the relevant issues to the Sprint 4 milestone.
 - Prepare for the fourth Sprint meeting

# Action points for next week (Scrum board)
 - Testing
 - More features
 - Do the BuddyCheck #3
 - Prepare the draft presentation

# Any other business
*If anybody has something that should be discussed but came up with that after the agenda was finalized (in point 2), he/she should bring that up now so that it can be discussed after all.*


# Questions for the TA
- Do we need  to deliver the project? And if yes, in what format?

# Question round


# Closing
*Now you can start working on the project. Good luck!*